We will live here from Achi
How about you? You can find a job you like slowly.
Salary doesn't matter
Happiness is the most important thing
Ah, are you really going to complain about me?
So why don't you please your current top gifter and cook
OK
Wait
I heard you're moving out.
He will come to you
What do you want me to do?
Want to ask me to visit and pick up pears
Li Li's health has not been very good recently.
Your parents say you're being emotional
Have their side meal etiquette
Dare not go home
Xu Lili is their biological daughter
Their daughter can totally understand
But they made the decision on me
That would be too confusing.
Yanyan, what are you talking about?
I don't care how much you feel about Qu Jiang
But I will never send my voice out stupidly just because Qujiang can't support my second division
You died with this heart
When the two of Qu Jiang also died, this heart
Since I'm being selfish here
Don't blame me for being heartless